Item Name
Description
400001
When no spaces and no letters follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a 16-bit 
unsigned quantity.
400001 S
When a space and the letter "S" follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a 16-bit 
signed quantity.
400001 I
When a space and the letter "I" follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a 32-bit 
signed quantity. 
This takes up two consecutive registers.
Item Names
75
MBTCP DAServer User’s Guide
Absolute Notation Item Names
The MBTCP DAServer also uses another naming convention called the 
Absolute Notation. This naming convention is independent of the PLC model 
numbers.
The Absolute naming convention allows access to the four Modbus data types, 
each with an address from 0 to 65535. The data types are indicated by the item 
name suffix characters.
400001 L
When a space and the letter "L" follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a 32-bit 
signed quantity. 
400001 F
When a space and the letter "F" follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a floating-
point quantity. 
This takes up two consecutive registers.
400001 U
When a space and the letter "U" follow the register 
number, the register contents are treated as a 32-bit 
unsigned quantity.
400001-400003 M
When a space and the letter "M" follow the register 
number or register number pair separated by a dash, the 
register contents are treated as ASCII data. 
Each register contains up to two (2) ASCII characters. 
This example represents six (6) ASCII characters.
300001:10
When a colon and a number from 1 (one) to 16 follow 
the register number, the register contents are treated as 
discrete data. 
This example represents bit 10 of the input register 
300001.


